# Robust-3D-Human-Motion-Capture-Technology-based-on-2D-Videos

&emsp;&emsp;In recent years, extraction of 3D motion from 2D video has been a vital part in computer graphics. Based on this issue, our article proposes a method for extracting 3D human motion skeleton directly from 2D video for single human motion. This paper first analyzes the existing four algorithms of 2D human pose recognition model, and compares the experimental results, selects the best algorithm model as the recognition model used in this paper. Then, the article uses the motion retargeting technique to compress the number of skeleton joint points, combine the 2D-3D data matching model and the compressed skeleton to calculate the position of the 3D human skeleton joint point. This process achieves the purpose of directly extracting 3D motion data from 2D video.  
&emsp;&emsp;In addition, since the existing human pose estimation method rarely pays attention to longterm motion continuity, another focus of this topic is to use computer graphics to correct the continuity of motion. This paper first compares the existing four filtering algorithms, analyzes the experimental results, selects the optimal algorithm to optimize the 3D motion data, and stores the optimized data in BVH format.   
&emsp;&emsp;The experimental results show that this method combining 2D human pose recognition model and 2D-3D data matching model to achieve the process of direct extraction of 3D human motion skeleton from 2D video is great, and the optimization of data eliminates most of the jitter. A smooth 3D human motion skeleton video can be obtained.
